(♪♪ Japanese Theme Music ♪♪)
(upbeat instrumental music)
Good morning, Boruto.
Hey!
Tell me, did you hear we're
going on a joint mission
with Team 15 today?
Oh, that's different.
Well, no matter who
we're teamed up with...
I'm sure that Team 7 will be
the one to wrap this up quick!
I thought you might say that.
Huh?
Is something the matter?
(bird cawing)
Is that a Peeping
Tom over there?
In broad daylight?
How about we scare
him a little bit?
Ah.
(screams)
Hey, you, Peeping Tom!
You can't just creep
on people like that!
(grunting)
Looks like you were
wrong about him.
[Boruto] I'm so sorry!
I didn't know you were up
in that tree studying birds!
No, it's okay.
I'm just glad the
eggs are still safe.
There, there, little guys!
Wow, Tosaka, you
really like birds, huh?
Boruto!
Huh?
Could it be?
Do you like birds, too?
Huh, me?
They're okay.
I just suddenly had a
feeling that you did!
Look at this nest!
(licking)
I'm certain, that it belongs
to the Long-Tailed Swift Pigeon!
You licked it!
Imagine, me finding a super
rare nest here, of all places.
How lucky!
He just licked that egg, right?
I want to observe everything,
not just with eyes and
ears, but taste, too.
After all, they say
the tongue speaks
louder than the mouth, right?
No, nobody says that!
(birds cooing)
There you go!
Good as new.
Sorry.
Is that species
really that rare?
The feathers that
are on the tail
of the Long-Tailed Swift Pigeon
are a little longer than those
of an ordinary Swift Pigeon.
What?
That's it?
It may just be a
slight difference...
but all of it is
written in their genes.
In their genes.
You mean the things that
make up chromosomes?
[Tosaka] The long tail feathers,
the bird's instinct to
return to its nest like this.
Genes determine the appearance
and behavioral patterns
of all living things!
So are you telling us
that all this stuff
is predetermined
before we're born?
For some things.
Like your hair and eye
color, your physical agility,
your likes and dislikes.
Come on, where's the
fun in all of that?
Who I am has nothing
to do with my genes.
I'm who I choose
to be, you know?
Uh-huh, I see.
Well, you are very
interesting, that's for sure.
Do you mind if I give
you a quick lick?
(licking)
What?
No way!
See ya, Tosaka.
Just make sure you don't do
anything too weird, okay?
See you again soon, Boruto.
Bye, Mitsuki!
We really got
sidetracked by that.
You think Sarada will be mad?
[Boruto] Oh yeah, she's mad.
We're really sorry!
Ugh, yeah, whatever.
As I explained to you before,
the mission that you're being
given will be a joint one
carried out by both
Team 7 and Team 15.
That sounds great, but where's
Big Sis Hanabi, you guys?
Hey, it's Hanabi Sensei, got it?
Yeah, that's right!
You may be related to her,
but she's still our captain.
Yeah, okay, okay.
Hanabi's busy assisting
the border patrol team now.
It seems that there may
have been an infiltration.
For the duration
of this mission,
I'm gonna be leading
both teams as captain.
So then, what's our mission?
Your mission is
investigate and try,
to find the cause of
aggressive wildlife.
Aggressive wildlife?
In a village near the
Land of Fire's border,
some birds have basically
been going into a frenzy
and attacking people.
The entire forest in that area
is the birds' natural habitat.
We've been asked to find the
cause and try to stop it.
And that's why we
need two teams, right?
Because the area we have to
check out is so extensive.
Seriously?
Hanabi Sensei gets to
be in a real battle
while we're stuck in the woods
babysitting a bunch of birds?
Hey, quit complaining!
Yeah, she's right.
Even small missions are
worth our time, Boruto.
That's right!
You tell him!
Thanks, Class Rep!
(giggles)
Oh, man, why do I keep
running into birds today?
Well, anyway, let's just
get going, you guys!
Okay!
But before you leave.
We may be experts when it
comes to things like ninjutsu,
but we're completely clueless
when it comes to knowing
anything about birds.
And that's why a specialist
who specializes in birds
has been 'specially chosen
to accompanying you!
Wow, that's a lot of specials.
[Suika] Oh, here he is now!
Mr. Tosaka the ornithologist!
Hello, there!
Oh, hey!
Hi, Boruto!
No way!
Tosaka?
Uh-huh, uh-huh, I see.
The birds around
here mainly subsist
on the berries of the
Bullseye Creeping Vine.
That guy's over there poking
at some bird poop on the ground.
At least the only thing
he's doing is poking at it.
Huh?
I'm almost positive that it's
the Bullseye Creeping Vine.
But to be sure I need to
look into this more closely.
What the...
What does that guy
think he's doing now?
He has a habit of
licking everything.
Ha!
I knew it!
Mr. Tosaka, let's hurry.
Oh, I'm sorry.
When it comes to birds, it's
just so easy for me
to become engrossed.
He licked it.
You know, guys, I think that
a mission involving animals
is perfect for us!
I mean, it's right up our alley!
We have experience with
them from that one mission.
All right, this time around,
let's outdo Boruto and
the rest of his team!
(upbeat rock music)
Stay alert.
The village is just
up ahead over there.
I'm not hearing any
strange sounds so far.
That's got to be
good news, right?
To be honest, I actually
think it's too quiet.
I don't hear a single
bird chirping or anything.
Yeah, you're right.
Something feels weird here.
[Villager] Stop!
(frightened yell)
Team 15!
Stand by and guard Mr. Tosaka!
Team 7, come with me!
It came from nearby.
Ah!
Boruto!
I'm okay!
Go on, keep moving!
(grunting)
Who are you guys?
We've come from the Hidden Leaf.
To help you.
Lightning Ball!
Damn it!
Stop!
Not good.
Why did they attack
all of a sudden?
Who's there?
(angry roar)
I don't suppose I'm
lucky enough that you're
the caretaker of the birds.
(angry roar)
Wow, that guy's powerful!
(angry growl)
(angry roar)
What could be making that noise?
Namida, just stay focused!
Come on, you monster!
Boruto!
Thanks, I owe you
one, Class Rep.
You, too, Nue.
Hey, when did you
become so big, anyway?
(growling)
It's all okay, Nue.
You can relax now.
Thank you so much.
I was out foraging
for wild greens
when I was suddenly attacked.
Is your village close by here?
Yes, I can show you the way.
Oh good, you guys are okay!
Careful.
This is no ordinary forest.
A monster just appeared
and attacked me.
What do you mean, monster?
Well, I'm not really sure.
I've never seen
anything like it.
(villager grunting)
Boruto, we'll talk later on.
You can tell me
the details then.
Right now, we need to get
this man to his village.
(shallow heavy breathing)
His breathing's very shallow.
And his temperature
is rising, as well.
By the way, Sumire,
really awesome job.
You saved Boruto!
I just happened to be there.
-Is something wrong?
-Huh?
You seem a little bit down.
Actually, I knew
you could do it!
Keep up the good work, Nue.
(chuckles)
Sumire, are you?
No, it's okay.
Huh?
Hey!
We've come here from
the Hidden Leaf Village
at your request.
Yes, thank you very
much for coming.
Please, bring him this
way, if you would.
Please come, Mr. Tosaka.
I want to investigate
this thoroughly.
Oh.
Yeah, sure!
(labored heavy breathing)
You think that his illness
was caused by that bird?
There are many
instances where birds
have been known
to spread disease.
But still, I
couldn't say for sure
without investigating
more fully.
It was just about a month ago
when we first began noticing
the changes in the birds.
They started
destroying our crops
and then eventually
began attacking people.
It was also around that
time that we began hearing
strange beastly cries
coming from the forest.
Beastly cries, huh?
Yes.
Frightening cries,
as though they came from
the depths of the Earth.
We were wondering if the
cause might be in the river
since the first animals
to start acting
abnormally were waterfowl.
And where's the
source of the river?
It flows from the top of the
mountain, past the village,
and into the Land of
Rivers next to us.
For the time being,
don't go near the river
until the cause is found.
Please only use well water
for your daily needs.
Mm.
[Village Woman] I knew it!
What's that?
What did she mean, I knew it?
Oh, well, you see...
(low groans)
What's up?
It looks like something's
going on over there!
Who's this?
He was found unconscious
by the river.
Wait, hold on.
I think I know him.
Huh?
His name's Jugo.
He was at Orochimaru's place.
Yes.
It's him all right.
Both of you are friends of his?
No, I wouldn't
call him a friend.
Hello, it's Sarada Uchiha.
Do you remember me at all, Jugo?
[Sumire] You were found
unconscious down by the river.
I probably just slipped and
then fell into the river.
Boy, I thought for sure
you were gonna say that
a monster attacked you.
A monster?
It came out of the forest.
And it was on a serious rampage.
Oh, I see.
(angry hiss)
Hey, stop that.
So, Jugo, what are
you doing out here
by this village, anyway?
(low groans)
This marking looks...
Could it be?
If the villagers
find out about this,
who knows what they'll say?
That's why you
didn't mention this
when requesting our help?
I'm begging you, help us.
Find the cause and stop this!
(frightened yell)
No, please!
Just stay away from me!
(angry yell)
What are those
markings on his skin?
Boruto, protect Tosaka!
The rest of you,
evacuate the villagers!
[All] Yes, sir!
(angry roar)
(attacking yell)
Wait a second, isn't he?
(attacking snarl)
Jugo, no!
(pursuing snarl)
Jugo, what?
Stay away from the forest!
What do you mean by that?
Boruto, where is Jugo?
Well, uh...
Hey, look!
The markings have faded.
What does that mean?
I guess we'll just have
to go and find out.
Careful.
The pattern we saw earlier
is called a Curse Mark.
Curse Mark?
That's right.
One effect of a Curse Mark
is to stimulate a creature's
fighting instincts.
So that's why he
suddenly went berserk.
The birds going into a frenzy.
You think?
And it's also well known
that Orochimaru
utilizes Curse Marks.
Is that guy mixed
up in this, too?
But that isn't the
real problem right now.
The bigger concern
is that man Jugo
supposedly also
possesses a Curse Mark.
And it's one that's
extremely dangerous, to boot.
Do you think that Jugo
in involved in this?
Well, I don't think it's
all just a coincidence.
In any case, make
sure to keep in mind
that whatever's in this
forest is more dangerous
than anything we've
ever encountered before.
[All] Right!
[Konohamaru] Mitsuki and I
will continue to move forward.
Team 15, head downriver.
Boruto and Sarada, upriver.
If you find anything,
don't try to deal
with it by yourselves.
Make sure that you
contact your comrades.
(sigh)
Hey, are you taking this
seriously and looking?
What are you doing now?
(echoing)
Wait, that sound.
Right?
It's an echo.
I've been thinking
about that villager.
Remember how he
said that he heard
what sounded like
beastly cries that
coming from the
depths of the Earth?
The village is over in
that direction, right?
And the wind is blowing
from north to south.
The slope of the mountain is
just about 20 degrees, so.
I think we found it.
This thing's really solid.
It's like an underground prison.
[Sarada] Wait, shouldn't we
contact Konohamaru Sensei?
[Boruto] He said only
when we find Jugo, right?
(sigh) You're always
so sly like that.
(groaning)
Is that Jugo?
Do you think that he's hurt?
Don't come near me!
Please, just stay away!
(heavy breathing)
(animalistic growl)
It's us, Jugo.
We came here to try
and help you out.
(low growl)
Jugo, are you?
Sarada, we gotta get
out of here right now.
He's...
The one I ran into before.
He's the monster!
(eager laughter)
I'm gonna kill the both of you!
(ending theme music)
So Jugo was the monster?
What is going on?
[Konohamaru] This is bad.
Full Curse Mark Transformation.
[Boruto] Curse Mark
Transformation?
What does that mean?
[Konohamaru] It's not just
a physical transformation.
Right now, he's being controlled
by homicidal impulses.
If this keeps up, the
villagers will be in danger!
Next time on Boruto
Naruto Next Generations:
Jugo and The Curse Mark.
[Konohamaru] You
guys provide back up.
We're gonna have
to draw him away!
(upbeat rock music)